Add pull-from-mirror for adding per-mirror level restrictions (#1411)
containers/image: docs/containers-registries.conf.5.md

the primary location specified by the `registry.location` field, or using the unmodified
user-specified reference, is tried last).

Each TOML table in the `mirror` array can contain the following fields:
- `location`： same semantics
as specified in the `[[registry]]` TOML table
- `insecure`： same semantics
as specified in the `[[registry]]` TOML table

> - `pull-from-mirror`: `all`, `digest-only` or `tag-only`.  If "digest-only"， mirrors will only be used for digest pulls. Pulling images by tag can potentially yield different images, depending on which endpoint we pull from.  Restricting mirrors to pulls by digest avoids that issue.  If "tag-only", mirrors will only be used for tag pulls.  For a more up-to-date and expensive mirror that it is less likely to be out of sync if tags move, it should not be unnecessarily used for digest references.  Default is "all", mirror will be used for both digest pull and tag pull unless the mirror-by-digest-only is set for primary registry . 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `pull-from-mirror`: `all`, `digest-only` or `tag-only`.  If "digest-only"， mirrors will only be used for digest pulls. Pulling images by tag can potentially yield different images, depending on which endpoint we pull from.  Restricting mirrors to pulls by digest avoids that issue.  If "tag-only", mirrors will only be used for tag pulls.  For a more up-to-date and expensive mirror that it is less likely to be out of sync if tags move, it should not be unnecessarily used for digest references.  Default is "all", mirrors will be used for both digest pulls and tag pulls unless the mirror-by-digest-only is set for the primary registry . 
```

Note that pull-from-mirror can only be set in a registry's Mirror field, not in the registry's primary Endpoint. This per-mirror setting is allowed only when mirror-by-digest-only is not configured for the primary registry.
`mirror-by-digest-only`
: `true` or `false`.
If `true`, mirrors will only be used during pulling if the image reference includes a digest.
Note that if all mirrors are configured to be digest-only, images referenced by a tag will only use the primary

> registry, failing if that registries are not accessible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
registry.
```

If all mirrors are configured to be tag-only, images referenced by a digest will only use the primary

> registry, failing if that registries are not accessible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
registry.
```

the primary location specified by the `registry.location` field, or using the unmodified
user-specified reference, is tried last).

Each TOML table in the `mirror` array can contain the following fields:
- `location`： same semantics
as specified in the `[[registry]]` TOML table
- `insecure`： same semantics
as specified in the `[[registry]]` TOML table
- `digest-only`： `true` or `false`. If `true` an individual mirror will only be used during pulling if the image reference includes a digest.

> - `tag-only`： `true` or `false`. If `true` an individual mirror will only be used during pulling if the image reference includes a tag.

Reviewer 2: This probably should indicate that `false` is the default somehow.

Note that digest-only will be overridden if mirror-by-digest-only is set for the entire registry, tag-only will not be overridden.

> tag-only will be overridden if mirror-by-tag-only is set for the entire registry, digest-only will not be overridden.

Reviewer 2: Quickly reading this, it’s unclear to me what is the resulting behavior of “will (not) be overridden”.

Especially the way how a mirror can “opt out” of the registry-level $something-only by setting $opposite-only is to me, completely non-obvious from this text.

I’m not even sure we need to define these things — alternatively we could forbid mirror-level *-only options if the registry-level *-only is set, and thus allow the administrator to either define registry-level, or mirror-level, settings, and avoid these conflicts. (@vrothberg ?)

Reviewer: > and thus allow the administrator to either define registry-level, or mirror-level, settings, and avoid these conflicts

That sounds like a clean model to me.

the primary location specified by the `registry.location` field, or using the unmodified
user-specified reference, is tried last).

Each TOML table in the `mirror` array can contain the following fields:
- `location`： same semantics
as specified in the `[[registry]]` TOML table
- `insecure`： same semantics
as specified in the `[[registry]]` TOML table
- `pull-from-mirror`: `all`, `digest-only` or `tag-only`.  If "digest-only"， mirrors will only be used for digest pulls. Pulling images by tag can potentially yield different images, depending on which endpoint we pull from.  Restricting mirrors to pulls by digest avoids that issue.  If "tag-only", mirrors will only be used for tag pulls.  For a more up-to-date and expensive mirror that it is less likely to be out of sync if tags move, it should not be unnecessarily used for digest references.  Default is "all" (or left empty), mirrors will be used for both digest pulls and tag pulls unless the mirror-by-digest-only is set for the primary registry.

> Note that pull-from-mirror can only be set in a registry's Mirror field, not in the registry's primary Endpoint. This per-mirror setting is allowed only when mirror-by-digest-only is not configured for the primary registry.

Reviewer 2: The readers of this document are not aware of the `Endpoint` type shared between registries and mirrors, that’s an invisible implementation detail to them; so, the sentence about the `Mirror` field can be just dropped.

as if specified in the `[[registry]]` TOML table directly:
- `location`
- `insecure`

> - `digest-only`

Reviewer 2: The new text is fine, but there’s another entry for `digest-only` that is now unnecessary or even misleading (it suggests that it can be set on `[[registry]]`.

`mirror-by-digest-only`
: `true` or `false`.
If `true`, mirrors will only be used during pulling if the image reference includes a digest.
Note that if this is `true`, images referenced by a tag will only use the primary
registry, failing if that registry is not accessible.

`digest-only`: `true` or `false`.
: if `true` an individual mirror will only be used during pulling if the image reference includes a digest.
Note that digest-only will be overridden if mirror-by-digest is set for the entire registry.

> Note that if all mirrors in the `mirror` array have `digest-only = true`, images referenced by a tag will only use the primary

Reviewer 3: A very soft suggestion if you need to clean anything else up.
```suggestion
Also note that if all mirrors in the `mirror` array have `digest-only = true`, images referenced by a tag will only use the primary
```

> registry, failing if that registry is not accessible.

Reviewer 2: The `digest-only` copy will, I assume be removed — then the only copy of this note should be a separate paragraph, not a part of the `mirrors-by-digest-only` paragraph.

as if specified in the `[[registry]]` TOML table directly:
- `location`
- `insecure`
- `digest-only`

`mirror-by-digest-only`
: `true` or `false`.
If `true`, mirrors will only be used during pulling if the image reference includes a digest.
Note that if this is `true`, images referenced by a tag will only use the primary
registry, failing if that registry is not accessible.

`digest-only`: `true` or `false`.

> : for each mirror in the `mirror` array, the mirror has `digest-only` set to `true` will only be used during pulling if the image reference includes a digest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: if `true` an individual mirror will only be used during pulling if the image reference includes a digest.
```

Reviewer: The text below is a bit hard to read.  I'd keep it short with: "Note that `digest-only` will be overridden if `mirror-by-digest` is set for the entire registry."
